-- SPRINT 1 PLAN --

Product Name: YardSale
Team Name: <insert later>
Sprint Completion Date: Wednesday, December 5th
Revision Number: 1

HIGH LEVEL GOALS:
The high level goal for this sprint is to learn how to build the frameworks necessary for each of the primary app functions.

USER STORIES:
Sprint 1:
- As a user, I want to be able to access the product from my android device via a download. (1)
- As a user, I want a basic data structure on the server that will be able to hold user data, 
	even though I won't be able to necessarily access it directly. (13)
- As a user, I want to be able create an account that is SIM-specific/password/fingerprint protected. (8)
- As a user, I want to see a search tool for me to enter keywords on the "Browsing" page. (5)
- As a user, I want to see a form where I can fill in a descriptive title and details -- including 
	location -- to create my post. (5)
- As a user, I want to be able to attach pictures to my post. (5)
- As a user, I want to go to the create-a-post form when I select a button on the "My Posts" page. (5)

TEAM ROLES:
Kevin Wang (Project Owner)
Sean Bell (Sprint 1 SCRUM Master)
Nadene Abuamara
Yinan Mao
Dylan Guyenne

INITIAL TASK ASSIGNMENT:
KW - As a user, I want to be able to access the product from my android device via a download. (1) 
   - As a user, I want to go to the create-a-post form when I select a button on the "My Posts" page. (5)
SB - As a user, I want a basic data structure on the server that will be able to hold user data, 
	even though I won't be able to necessarily access it directly.
NA - As a user, I want to see a search tool for me to enter keywords on the "Browsing" page. (5)
YM - As a user, I want to be able create an account that is SIM-specific/password/fingerprint protected. (8)
DG - As a user, I want to see a form where I can fill in a descriptive title and details -- including 
	location -- to create my post. (5)

INITIAL BURNUP CHART

INITIAL SCRUM BOARD

SCRUM TIMES (3 days/times per week)
Mon 5:30PM (w/TA)
Wed 5:30PM
Fri 5:30PM



